Release 5.4.0 (#3196)
nhibernate/nhibernate-core: releasenotes.txt

﻿Build 5.4.0
=============================

Release notes - NHibernate - Version 5.4.0

> ** Highlights
>     * A new batching strategy is available, minimizing the batching memory footprint. See #2959. Using it may increase CPU usage.
>     * 199 issues were resolved in this release.

Author: Anything else worth highlighting?

Or even just go for:

```suggestion
199 issues were resolved in this release.
```

Reviewer: New target frameworks: .NET Framework 4.8,  .NET Standard 2.1 and .NET 6

    ##### Possible Breaking Changes #####
        * Linq and criteria queries on unmapped entities will throw instead of returning an empty result list. See #1106, #1095.

>         * The second level cache update timestamps cache do no more use locks. This may slightly increases the cases where stale data may by returned by the query cache.

Reviewer: > The second level cache update timestamps cache do no more use locks.

Not sure what it means.

   * #2959 Support Dynamic BatchFetchStyle
   * #2744 Set which entities classes should never be cached, even indirectly
   * #2737 Add more left join support
   * #2645 Allow specifying the size of the query plan cache
   * #2641 Avoid InvalidCastException with Oracle number high precision values
   * #2551 Add support for joining a subquery in hql
   * #2545 Table group joins for subclasses in Criteria
   * #2486 Add Projections.Select in Criteria
   * #2361 Table group joins support in hql

** Improvement

   * #3184 Support caching queries with autodiscovered types
   * #3177 Disable default caching in tests
   * #3160 Allow internal entity classess/interfaces in .NET Standard 2.0
   * #3133 Automatically generate async code on pull request
   * #3127 Register IType CLR types as aliases
   * #3116 Simplify SqlGenerator.FromFragmentSeparator
   * #3114 Exclude generated async files from Deepsource analysis
   * #3106 Skip table group join processing for implicit join
   * #3091 Use GitReleaseManager dotnet tool
   * #3083 Update SHFB in order to build documentation without MSBuild
   * #3050 Add .NET Standard 2.1 target
   * #3027 Avoid allocations on lock in SyncCacheLock

>    * #3000 Add .net 6 and net48 targets

Reviewer: I've tweaked the title of this PR.

﻿Build 5.4.0
=============================

Release notes - NHibernate - Version 5.4.0

** Highlights
    * NHibernate has gained three new target frameworks: .Net 6, .Net Framework 4.8 and .Net Standard 2.1. NHibernate NuGet package
      provides them, along with the older targets, .Net Core 2.0, .Net Framework 4.6.1 and .Net Standard 2.0. These new targets allow

>       some NHibernate optimizations for applications using them. The same limitations apply for .Net 6 and .Net Standard 2.1 than for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      some NHibernate optimizations for applications using them. The same limitations apply for .Net 6 and .Net Standard 2.1 as for
```

      .Net Core 2.0 and .Net Standard 2.0, see NHibernate 5.1.0 release notes.
    * A new batching strategy is available, minimizing the batching memory footprint. See #2959. Using it may increase CPU usage.
    * 200 issues were resolved in this release.

    ##### Possible Breaking Changes #####
        * Linq and criteria queries on unmapped entities will throw instead of returning an empty result list. See #1106, #1095.

>         * The second level cache update timestamps cache do no more use locks. This may slightly increases the cases where stale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * The second level cache UpdateTimestampsCache does not use locks anymore. This may slightly increases the cases where stale
```

>         * The second level cache update timestamps cache do no more use locks. This may slightly increases the cases where stale

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        * The second level cache update timestamps cache does not use locks anymore. This may slightly increase the number of cases where stale
```

>           data may by returned by the query cache. See #2742.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          data is returned by the query cache. See #2742.
```
